docs: Adding admonition box to warn about MVD (#16712)
apache/druid: docs/querying/lookups.md

- Globally cached lookups from local files, remote URIs, or JDBC through [lookups-cached-global](./lookups-cached-global.md).
- Globally cached lookups from a Kafka topic through [kafka-extraction-namespace](./kafka-extraction-namespace.md).

:::info

> [MVDs](../querying/multi-value-dimensions.md) are not supported as keys in lookups. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Multi-value dimensions](../querying/multi-value-dimensions.md) are not supported as keys in lookups. 
```

> [MVDs](../querying/multi-value-dimensions.md) are not supported as keys in lookups. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[MVDs](multi-value-dimensions.md) are not supported as keys in lookups. 
```

> [Multi-value dimensions](multi-value-dimensions.md) are not supported as keys in lookups. 

Reviewer 3: It'll be helpful to tell people in this case, what they should do. I think the right answer is to flatten the MVD column into a list of keys and repeat the values of the lookups. This way you can construct a key-value pair list for lookups.

> [Multi-value dimensions](multi-value-dimensions.md), MVDs, are not supported as keys in lookups. To map the MVD `["A", "B", "C"]` to the value `x` in your lookup, flatten the MVD before using it as a lookup. Then map each element of the MVD to the value. Your lookup will have separate key-value pairs for each element of the MVD: `"A": "x"`, `"B": "x"`, and `"C": "x"`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Multi-value dimensions](multi-value-dimensions.md) (MVDs) are not supported as keys in lookups. For example, to map the MVD `["A", "B", "C"]` to the value `x` in your lookup, flatten the MVD and map each element of the MVD to the value. Your lookup will have separate key-value pairs for each element of the MVD: `"A": "x"`, `"B": "x"`, and `"C": "x"`.
```
